9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong. You're watching the
China Show. I'm Yvonne Man with David
Ingles.
>> We are counting down to the open of
markets in greater China. Our top
stories today, Asian stocks inching up
ever so slightly of cooler than expected
US inflation data failing to move the
needle on Fed rate cuts at least for
this month. Now, election speculation
boosting Japanese stocks and pushing the
yen deeper into intervention territory.
>> Global central banks and former
officials circle the wagons around Jay
Powell in response to Trump
administration's attacks and they say
threaten to undermine Fed independence.
>> And we'll take a closer look at China's
biotech sector hearing from companies
driving innovation in cancer treatments,
weight loss, and also beyond.
Good morning once again, welcome to the
program. Lots to get into over the next
2 hours or so. The pattern across
markets is I'll just make this very
simple. Apart from Japan, to a lesser
extent, the big move up in oil, nothing
much else is happening. Uh we're trading
sideways across most equity benchmarks
as you can see although that could
change once we get into the Chinese
market which has
some idiosyncratic factors pushing that
to the upside. Trade numbers are coming
out today. We'll get to the election
boost. We're still seeing current
present tense in Japan. 1.3% yields are
pushing substantially higher
uh in the JGB market. In fact, I think
we're now down counting today should be
eight straight days of weakness. Flip
the page, please. Uh in the JGB market
which is the longest losing streak going
back to 2024. Oil is pairing back after
what was quite a
biggish pop that we had. Shanghai crude
as you can see is reflecting that move
that we had in Brent going into the cut
off this morning. Silver futures are
pushing yes, 90 bucks. That's where we
are. 95,000 in Bitcoin. Dollar story is
one where it was a weaker CPI print. It
wasn't weak enough to weaken the
shackles of
any expectations around the Fed holding
this month. The yen as you can see is
yes, 150 and we've taken that out maybe
160. Speaking of nice round numbers in
the currency markets, dollar
is so Hong Kong does not trading on the
weaker side of the band 1780. There we
go. North of that level and nothing much
to tell you about as far as futures go.
Two month highs as far as the Hang Seng
Hang Seng
China index as well. So we'll talk more
about that later on of course.
>> Yeah, and certainly the China rally is
still front and center. You're starting
to see even global investors turn more
positive around this this equity story
here. Whether it is because of the
renminbi strength that we've seen that
can continue to charge flows or whatnot,
but really just on the back of
valuations they're still looking cheap
on the whole AI story and the like. So
there's still legs in this it seems
right now.
At a time when we continue to see it,
right? This volatility I guess you could
call it when it comes to rates and and
the Fed discussion and certainly we
continue to see long end rates melting
up or at least catching up here just to
not just about Japan, but really about
what's going on with the Fed, too.
>> I mean it does add to the premium in in
US assets, right? Particularly when you
look at fixed income. And you know, we
were just talking about this yesterday.
You know, the the cleaner play
is EM is Asia. Japan obviously has a
different set of factors there. Korea's
the AI play. China was only missing the
earning story, but that's starting to
come together, right? So when that comes
together, then you certainly have more
stars aligned as far as the Chinese
market goes. Just a statistic 3.6
trillion was the turnover north of that
yesterday.
>> Another record.
>> Another record. It topped the 3 and 1/2
trillion the day the day before. So
we'll watch that closely today.
Trade numbers are coming out of
Speaking of
data, the US CPI print
was did affect markets somewhat. It
wasn't big enough to move the needle on
the Fed though.
>> A relatively benign, which I think was a
bit of relief for the for the doves out
there that are still expecting two rate
cuts this year. Um certainly that does
doesn't really do much in terms of the
the as you say the calculus there, but
certainly is that more important or
really what's going on the drama that
you're seeing politically around the
Fed. But it's interesting, right? When
you when you hear the the bullish core
or like the chorus of central bank
governors that are really chiming in on
on this whole DOJ criminal investigation
into Powell. And you start to see it,
right? I saw it on my Instagram really
instantly.
>> Yes.
>> On the ECB Instagram page. but you we
can pull up the really the statement
from it's not just from the ECB, right?
It's also this joint statement that
comes through
>> Bank of Canada.
>> of Canada,
uh from
I believe there's another one here. BOJ
was not part of it interesting enough.
But it's rare to see that solidarity
really from these global central bankers
here.
>> Yeah, I mean there's
>> BOE I should say. That's the one I
missed.
>> You're right. There's very little In
fact, this probably is the only major
issue that they could all agree on.
Which is the you know the how important
independence is of of the central bank.
>> And Jamie Dimon also, right?
>> about to say, yeah. It's not just the
central bankers, right? It's the big
bank bosses that are coming out. And of
course he's ruffled some feathers as far
as his comments and what uh the US
president then said about his comments
on on that as well. And if you take what
uh what Jamie Dimon said
obviously there's a JP Morgan earnings,
not to confuse that too. Was that this
might actually backfire and lead to
higher inflation and higher interest
rates. Yeah, this is what he had to say,
of course. Uh in fact, it we we heard
not just from President Trump, not just
from what we just talked about there,
but also current and former central
bankers amid of course the DOJ's
investigation into the Fed.
>> He's billions of dollars over budget.
So, he either is incompetent or he's
crooked. I don't know what he is, but he
does it certainly doesn't do a very good
job.
>> It's still not a slam dunk even with a
new Fed chair that rates actually
decline, particularly if
the administration jawboning and
potential legal challenges
raise concerns about Federal Reserve
independence and and make some of the
voting members
want to be sure that the economic
conditions justify a move.
>> When there's
attempts to unduly influence monetary
policy decisions. When those were
successful,
those often lead to very unfortunate
economic outcomes including economic
instability
and high inflation.
>> When you talk to members of Congress on
both sides of the aisle,
they understand this. They may have
different rhetoric out in public, but
you talk to them one-on-one, they
understand how critical the Federal
Reserve is and they are going to push
back. I That's where I'm an optimist. I
don't think they'll let this happen.
>> For more, let's bring in Derek Wallbank,
our senior editor, joining us from San
Francisco. It seems like the the support
and the and the voices that are really
rallying behind Jay Powell seem to be
growing in some way. Derek, what do we
have to watch out for next?
>> Well, they are and you you mentioned
quite rightly, I think, that very
notable
letter from a whole bunch of central
bank governors.
The ECB, the Bank of England, the
Riksbank, the Swiss National Bank, the
RBA, the RBNZ, the Norges Bank, you
know, Bank of Canada, etc., etc., etc.
Getting them all together
on something like this is certainly very
notable. I'm not sure that Donald Trump
is is very interested in what, you know,
the governor of the Riksbank thinks
about anything. Let's be very clear.
But, having all of these folks together
to really sort of send that signal. And
it's when you really are hearing, I
think, from across Wall Street, Jamie
Dimon, the latest in the big names, but
we've heard from a lot of commentators
who are really kind of wary of the road
that we're starting to go down here, and
the amount of heaping pressure
that is on
J. Powell. Certainly, I think the idea
of grand jury subpoenas coming to the
Federal Reserve has taken this up a
notch. It's been very clear that Donald
Trump believes that he has the right
to to say whatever he wants to about
what the Fed ought to do about interest
rates. He has the right to say whatever
he wants to about
J. Powell's
job, what he's done, the you know, the
the pathways, and all of these other
things, right? That's been very clear.
But, you start taking legal action into
there, and that brings this up into a
different notch, into a different level.
And and certainly, I think the the
subpoenas have unnerved some people, and
and and we've already started to see a
little bit of kind of blipping in
markets, even though that's kind of
leveled off
reasonably quickly. You can see a little
bit of unease there. I do think that the
you know, when when I start this this
remark, and I say I don't think he's
listening to them, let me tell you who
he I think he will be listening to, and
that is the voices of fellow Republicans
in Congress, some of whom have been
quite critical and suggested that there
could be consequences if there is seen
to be a major move against the Fed's
bedrock independence, not least of which
that Trump could have difficulty, even
in a Republican Senate, getting his own
Fed nominees through. And of course,
that is a little bit of cutting one's
nose off despite one's face.
>> Yeah, and Derek,
I just thought about it, you know, the
the the US president listens to the
market. He arguably from this time last
year, he listens more to the bond market
than he does to the equity market. And
he also,
I guess in some ways looking at some of
the moves recently from the White House
whether that's capping things like
mortgage rates or credit card debt, he
he cares about inflation given that it
is of course an election year. If
inflation does start to pick up, if
Jamie Dimon is right that this might
lead to higher rates, might that change
the tune coming out of the US president?
>> Well, David, I think you've hit on
something there. I I think you have to
look at a lot of um the way that the
White House is framing a lot of things
in in this part of the uh of the second
administration, right? You're coming
into the you're in a midterm election
year. The midterms are at the start of
November, right? And the general
consensus in Washington right now is
that the midterms are going to be fought
over this issue of affordability. Can
voters in the United States who feel
pressure in their pockets, and bear in
mind that is a group that that Donald
Trump credits in part with his
presidency, right? Those are voters that
he has been able to speak to before, but
we have seen in elections uh in the last
couple of months where Democrats have
over performed from 20 uh 2024 and in
such a way that if that continued
through in November, they would likely
take the House and have a shot at the
Senate as well. Um that ends Donald
Trump's free run in Washington were that
to happen. So, the stakes are reasonably
high, and you are seeing the president
go forward with an awful lot of policies
toward uh affordability. Now, lowering
rates is certainly one of those things
that he wants to see happen, but he
doesn't necessarily have too much direct
control over that. He has control over
some of these more populist ideas that
he's putting out right now, and you're
going to see that this White House and
and president go forward with some of
those things even if it makes some of
his fellow Republican members of
Congress a little bit nervous.
>> Derek, thank you. Derek Wallbank there
in San Francisco for us, our senior
editor. Let's bring in Ipek Ozkardeskaya
who is here, Asia ex-Japan CIO at BNP
Paribas Asset Management. Good morning
and very nice to see you.
>> Good morning.
>> Uh
does this bake in a further premium into
US assets, whether that's specifically I
guess the dollar and and the Treasury
market? How do you think about this?
>> Look, I I think if you had to pull back
a little bit from the news flow and then
there's a lot of news flow and for the
moment at the moment a ton and a lot of
these headlines, of course,
as your reporter said, if I had to pull
back a little bit, what is actually
happening in the US economy and
ultimately the biggest opportunity for
the US in 2026 and beyond is to
reindustrialize, to become a lot more of
producer what it consumes and ultimately
to that low-income population that'll be
a beneficiary. That certainly that
population is expected to benefit. Now,
what are the catalysts for that to
materialize in 2026 and beyond and we
started the year not in a perfect place,
but in a good place when it comes to
financial conditions, you know, and
again the Fed has a easing bias, but
again we don't know the timing, but I
think the
the willingness to ease if they need to
is there. We started financial
conditions that are good. Inflation is
in check to some degree. We have fiscal
stimulus from one big beautiful bill
that is in place that is going to help
reshoring of some activity to the US.
So, the formation of resilience of US
growth I think is there and I think this
is what we need to kind of as an
investor need to pay attention to. And
of course there's headlines regarding at
the moment as I say the headlines for
now.
Of course there there there are
uncertainties, but the Fed independence
is still there for now, right? I think
it's it's being challenged of course in
the headline, but it's not actually
impacted in in kind of a critical way
for us to to start concerning.
>> So, there's still value I guess in
staying in US assets, do you think right
now? I mean there's many that are
talking about rotating to Asia where my
safer waters might be in this part of
the world.
>> Right. I think diversification if you
look at 2025, diversification paid off
significantly. And this is not just
about rotation. I think investing
diversifying into Europe paid off. So, I
think as we go into 2026, investors
should diversify. And again, because US
rally is still very much concentrated.
Now, the broadening story for US
does have leg to move into 2026. And the
catalyst I've talked about a bit
earlier. I think the catalysts are there
for that broadening. And ultimately,
investors are not going to look at this
magnificent seven, but what are
ramifications to the broader market?
What are the ramifications to the
maximum spending in the economy? Right,
what are the implication of one big
beautiful bill? And where is that of
industrialization kind of leaning
towards? And I think that when it comes
to US, it's not just the investing mega
caps, it's diversifying other smaller
cap companies. And diversifying away
from from US as well into Europe and
Asia notably as well. But again, not to
forget that we're still in very much
concentrated market where it's still run
by this AI tech story.
>> Yeah. Talk to us more about Europe.
What's the What's the What's the What
needs to happen? And why do you think so
highly about what's going on there?
>> Well, I I think ultimately, if you look
at Europe, what has happened over the
last five years, if not a decade,
they've lost competitiveness. And
largely lost competitiveness against
China for for its exports. 60% of
revenues for for Europe. It's one of the
largest economies that relies on the
global growth, right? So, and China has
taken large part of that share because
they become more competitive,
particularly in highly
high value added sectors, right? So,
what Europe needs to do is really rise
its competitiveness, right? And how do
they need to do? The key challenges for
them is the unified capital markets.
It's the unified regulation in Europe
that needs to change.
And that is again, we've seen some green
shoots around that. We've seen some
various policies that are put in place.
But we need to see a speed for policy
makers to actually push that through. As
for those changes to materialize and for
the economy to become more competitive.
And the other part is strategic economy
and we've seen
we've seen already the
the fiscal stimulus from Germany. That
is going to bring a lot more strategic
autonomy not just for Germany but for
Europe. That's that's regarding defense
but it's not just defense. I think this
is a broadening of of kind of the the
growth that it's structural growth that
it's it's manifesting in in the the
European economy.
>> We hear most of your conviction calls.
The bond story is interesting, right?
Because you have of course what's going
on in the sovereign bond market where
long yields continue to kind of perk up
a bit given what we've been seeing
around the world. But but credit you say
is still has value right now. I mean
what how should I be looking at credit
this year?
>> So credit ultimately is about all in
yields and I think you could say
valuations are
fairly tight. They're tight. I wouldn't
say stretched, they're tight. I think
you have to look at various elements,
demand supply. You have to look at
structural shift, the quality of IG
market and high yield market has
improved over the years. So you could
say that the spreads are reasonably
tight. They're not kind of excessive.
And when it comes to 2026, the demand
for that yield is still going to be
present again from real money buyers,
from investors that are looking to
capitalize and lock in that yield that
is present. Now what are the
vulnerabilities? Again, as I said, we're
entering the year not in a perfect place
but in a very good place of financial
conditions. Growth is staying resilient
and that is supportive for credit. So
and then when we look at some of the
elements related to demand supply, I
think one part I want to pay attention
is a little bit of increase that we're
seeing in issuance. For instance,
particularly in US in January
particularly we're seeing a significant
issuance
in IG market and this related a little
bit to the tax story. Not something that
we need to worry about, we need to
monitor and see is there going to be
excessive for us to worry about the
spreads.
>> Ekaterina, thank you. Ekaterina Bigos
there, Asia ex-Japan CIO at BNP Paribas
Asset Management. And coming up this
hour we're going to head to the JP
Morgan Healthcare Conference in San
Francisco. We have a Sentage co-founder
and chairman and CEO Dajin Young will
join us exclusively to talk about their
growth plans and the outlook for the
China biotech industry. And we are
counting down the opens of trade in
Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong Kong. We
are seeing when it comes to this equity
rally in China getting a little bit more
momentum here. Your reference rate is
crossing through 701
020. This is the China show.
>> Yeah, the message is they've got to show
humanity. They've got a big problem.
And I hope they're not going to be
killing people. And I'm going to have a
report very soon. Ideally, I'd like to
see it. But what we want to see is we
don't want to see people killed and we
want to see a little bit of freedom for
these people.
>> President Trump there warning Iranian
leaders to show humanity as he and his
team consider their next move. Those
were the latest comments from the
president on Iran. And earlier, he also
called on Iranians to continue their
protest against the government promising
that help was on its way. But he did not
specify exactly what that means. Let's
bring in Jill Disis, our news desk
managing editor. She's with us here
right now. So, you know, are US strikes
in Iran imminent?
>> I think at this point, you know, the the
the the
what this is telling us is that we have
to preserve the possibility that there
may be some kind of military action.
We know that Donald Trump, the Trump
administration, they've been briefed on
the options that are available to them
including the potential to strike
non-military strikes
non-military sites rather. We also know
obviously that Trump has already
undertaken some efforts to apply some
economic pressure to Iran. Just earlier
this week, he announced the tariffs of
25% on any nation that does business
with Iran. But at this point, you know,
you obviously just heard from from
president himself. It does seem like
there's further discussion underway and
that does include the possibility for
military action here.
>> It's I mean domestically it's very
difficult to decipher, report on, and
figure out what's going on because of
the blanket
ban on the internet, but what do we
understand is going on right now?
On the ground and how do we basically
how does that inform us about what the
possible next steps are from sort of the
external environment?
>> Right. Well, I think you know, when
you're looking at look at what Donald
Trump has said, right? Which is
essentially that if there are deaths, if
if protesters are killed, then that's
really going to sort of raise his
possibility for
for for considering military action
here. What we have heard are reports and
this is including from some human rights
groups, news agencies that are looking
into situations on the ground that a
couple thousand people are dead in the
aftermath of these
this unrest that's happening in Iran
right now. We've also seen other figures
suggesting that you know, somewhere
around 10,000 people have been
imprisoned in the wake of all of this.
So, I mean you are looking at a pretty
significant human toll already. Now, you
know, where that's to continue to
escalate, we're already looking at what
is you know, the most severe instances
of unrest in Iran since the 1990s 1979
Iranian Revolution. So, this does you
know, potentially threaten to escalate
and we do again know that these are
considerations that Donald Trump has
said that he's making when he's
considering whether or not he you know,
military intervention is needed on the
part of the United States. And again, I
think you also have to put this in the
broader international context of Trump
is coming fresh off of what he sees as a
successful operation in Venezuela to
oust Nicolas Maduro. So, in some ways he
may be emboldened to pursue further
action in Iran if he deems fit.
>> Yeah, he's he's moving to a new frontier
and it's a developing story. Jill, thank
you so much. Jill Deiss is there. As far
as markets go, so equity markets
somewhat different tune there, but but
look at other parts of global markets,
the silver now at a record high again.
Well, fresh record, 89 bucks
uh on spot silver. Commodity prices are
also moving up. So, we showed you coming
up on your screens is the Shanghai
contract, which is reflecting the big
move in Brent overnight. Uh we're now
looking at Oh, there's a specific level.
Thank you so much. That was the high
earlier on. Um SCPA coming up, and we
are better by two to three percent.
There we go. 2 and 1/2% in Shanghai
crude. That's a reflection of
geopolitics.
>> Plenty more ahead.
>> All right, welcome back. Very, very
briefly in terms of um eco data, so we
are going to get trade numbers coming
at. We could get credit numbers also.
That's from uh window, of course, from
today. Uh we we talked about the rally
taking place in turnover there. Stocks
to watch, we'll get to the details
specifically on these ones coming
through as well. Uh and we have bond
sales out of Hong Kong and also in out
of China today.
>> Yep. So, there's a lot to look out for,
and when it comes to some of the stocks
to watch, obviously the oil story given
the pop in oil prices on the Iran
situation. We talked about just silver
uh once again hitting those records. So,
certainly commodities are certainly
getting more of the limelight here once
again. Some of these oil majors like
PetroChina are up some 1% and really
kind of reflecting what we're seeing uh
with Shanghai crude also catching up.
The Brent has come off some of the
initial moves already. We're holding
around $65 uh for Brent as well. Uh
obviously we're watching very closely
what happens with the the tech space as
well, just given how much that, you
know, rally continues in the back of of
tech leading the way as well, but
whether we see more broadening out is
certainly the key question. The open is
next. This is Bloomberg.
>> Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. There's a dip in the temperature
here in Hong Kong today. So, it's
relatively cooler than it was
this time yesterday as far as equity
markets go, still on the hotter side of
things. Two-month highs, in fact, 27,000
now on the Hang Seng index is in play.
Weaker on the currency. Uh we have some
data coming through in terms of trade
numbers, but also geopolitics playing
out here. I mean, you look at silver and
you understand why.
>> It It seems to be like the precious
metals are are still that cleaner hedge
right now. When you take a look at that,
we see that with gold, we see that with
silver as well. It's not just a rate
story, I think. It's also a little bit
more about confidence in the midst of
all this uncertainty, as you say. So,
gives them a little bit more fodder
there when it comes to uh the silver
bulls. But, yeah, and it really kind of
brings to mind what happens in China as
well, because it seems like we continue
to see that optimism continue here,
given that the US side of things
continues to be quite volatile, the news
flow at least. Uh what we have been
seeing, of course, is is this sort of uh
these technicals when it comes to uh HS
Tech, for example. We've bounced above
that 100-day moving average. Uh so, that
certainly is one thing to watch very
closely. Um but, Shanghai is still
looking okay. We're flat there, but CSI
300 is up about a fifth of 1%. Um
certainly there's going to be a lot of
talk about the A or H share sort of
factor here. And Wendy Liu from JP
Morgan just came out with a note talking
a little bit more about how they still
prefer uh MSCI China over CSI 300 until
March, right? They're talking about
valuations and all that. Still looks
pretty favorable for that for the next
few weeks. Uh but, they still favor
small caps over some of the large caps
here, given the rotation that we have
been seeing as well. So, that's
certainly is one thing to watch there,
too. Um we're watching Shanghai crude,
obviously, catching up with some of the
crude markets that we've seen, given the
situation in Iran. So, we're up 2% for
futures in China. Uh we'll talk about
Kweichow in just a moment here, but
let's flip the boards and see how Hong
Kong is doing. Uh we continue to see
some gains, right? We talked about the
record turnover that we saw yesterday uh
yet again. Uh so there you go. You are
seeing uh quite more optimism here
today. We're up about 4/10 of 1%. HS
Tech continues to catch a bid here.
Alibaba's up some 2% right now. Uh keep
in mind PDD had a bit of a down day uh
overnight as well. Um so we're watching
very closely, of course, the commerce
space. They're still. Uh Hong Kong
dollar not doing much, but you know,
Chinese currency is weakening a little
bit, but we're still talking sub seven.
Uh what which really is what people say
is driving a lot of this rally in some
ways as well um with that correlation.
We haven't really seen both uh rallying
at the same time for for some time now.
>> Yeah. No, no, no, we haven't. Now, okay,
uh lots of individual Okay, actually,
you know, let me put everything together
because the the note from Wendy Liu
in terms of her top picks include
NetEase, Baidu, PDD. Yvonne mentioned
that Moutai is also part of that group
that Wendy Liu likes. The reason we
bring Moutai up is because the uh
there's separate news out of the company
here in terms of the uh pricing
mechanism, more dynamic uh on a whole I
I believe it's on the wholesale level
because that's really what the company
effects uh effects as far as the market
goes. Uh the other story in the
I want to call it F&B space. It's more
the B space. Um
the the beverages space is uh new We'll
get into that in fact now. So you have
Sichuan SwellFun
traded on the mainland coming up on your
screens.
And the reason we're looking at this
specifically is Diageo
is said to be weighing options for its
assets in China. In fact, for more in
that story and what we're watching and
what that might mean, broadly speaking,
joining us here is our deals reporter
Manuel Baigorri. Yeah, so what do we
know about this?
>> Yes, David, it's a fascinating story. Uh
has reported about it and uh exclusive
by Bloomberg News in which revealed that
the Diageo
following other companies, multinational
companies are doing a reviewing their
footprint in China, their assets and
trying to see whether it makes sense or
not for them to stay in the country. I
mean, there is different dynamics they
are facing very steep competition from
the local players, which have become a
lot more nimble and sophisticated in the
last you know, a couple of decades and
they are really struggling. So, we saw
last year the likes of Starbucks or
Burger King also doing a similar
exercise in which they sold a majority
stake to a local player or to a private
equity firm
with more local expertise. It could be
also strategic
with roots in China that might be able
to help the asset turn around. So, I
think the Diageo is just the latest
example of these global multinationals
rethinking their approach to China.
>> You got to add that people just aren't
drinking
premium liquor.
>> Yeah, or liquor generally speaking.
>> that backdrop, right? But what options
are are available for Diageo? What what
sort of potential divestments are we
talking about?
>> Yes, Ivana and I think
you made a very good point about the
changing dynamics in consumption for
beverages. Diageo had been trying to you
know, kind of like
trade up so to speak into the more
premium beverages, but they haven't been
so successful yet.
So, they are trying to figure out. In
terms of options,
the most logical one would be a full
exit.
You know, they've got this majority
stake in Sichuan Swell Fun which David
was pointing out in the in the market
right now and
that would be potentially a sale of that
stake
all their assets also in in in in
And what we've seen is some of these
global players, they don't fully exit.
They prefer to
uh retain a stake. So, we may see Diageo
potentially doing something similar. Uh
Starbucks did that uh for instance. And
the hope is that you know, if this new
partner helps turn around the business,
then, you know, they still have a foot
in such an important global market,
right? So, they don't want to fully
exit, but they realizing that after all
these years, they know they're not
competitive anymore.
>> Mhm.
>> Sounds like you want to have the Johnny
Walker
uh
and have it, too. Okay.
That makes sense. Okay. Uh Manuel, thank
you, Manuel Baigorri there who leads our
deals coverage here uh in the region.
Let's stay gently in in the consumption
theme here.
>> Are you hungry?
>> I was about to say, what does Haidilao
go with? Beer or coffee?
Or Johnny Walker. Um so,
good news as far as Citi goes because
you have the founder returning
to the CEO position effective late
yesterday. And Citi says do ex- they
expect the company's top line growth to
reaccelerate and that's a positive
development in as far as of course the
hot pot uh the hot pot chain company uh
I'm
Fair disclosure, I'm a regular at
Haidilao. It's fantastic. In fact, I'm a
member as well.
>> Are you?
>> Yeah, there's a membership that you that
you join. Yeah. So, I get that flag. So,
when you sit down, you're a member, they
put this flag on your table to to make
sure that, you know, you're a uh
frequent frequent flyer.
>> Yeah.
Wow.
Um
>> I'm a fan, too.
>> But anyway, uh clearly the CEO is, too.
The founder is back. He's back as CEO.
And clearly the markets are one of the
biggest moves to the upside right now
here in the Hong Kong market. We're up
10% on the stock.
>> All right. Uh we're checking other
corporate news this morning. The Trump
administration has eased export rules
for videos H200 AI chips to China. The
US Commerce Department says it will now
review, excuse me, applications case by
case. Although companies must follow
requirements, including certifying no
shortage of the chips in the US.
Exporters must also limit shipments to
China to 50% of US production and follow
strict customer checks.
The Korea Exchange is looking to extend
trading to 24 hours from December 2027.
The move comes as other bosses, such as
London and Hong Kong, also consider
extension of their trading hours to win
over retail investors from Asia. Korea
Exchange already aims to extend trading
to 12 hours a day from June.
And Bloomberg has learned that Netflix
is working on revised terms for its
Warner Brothers bid and has discussed
making an all-cash offer for the
company's studios and streaming
businesses. Sources say the changes are
designed to speed up a sale that could
take months to close and faces pushback
from politicians, as well as a hostile
bid from Paramount Skydance. The current
offer includes a mix of cash and Netflix
stock.
>> Right. Uh, coming up here, we'll be
speaking with Ascentage here, its
co-founder, chairman, and CEO, uh, Dr.
Yang, will be joining us exclusively to
discuss the company's growth plans and
the big industry trends we're seeing
across what's really been, and what
remains, when you look at the past few
years, has been, up until of course
recently, an incredibly hot part of the
market, the biotech sector in China.
Deeper dive coming up next. This is
Bloomberg.
Welcome back. Uh, so some healthy, more
than healthy returns, more than double
the benchmark, uh, when you look at some
of the healthcare plays. This is the the
sub-gauge here in Hong Kong. We're up,
let's call it 95% over 12 months. That's
double the more than double the 40%
rally on the Hang Seng Index. One
big contributor here to the rally is
really the
this refocusing from global investors
back on the Chinese financial biotech
sector, right? And you know, the JP
Morgan Healthcare Conference is really
this sort of marquee marquee event for
deal-making in the sector. Lots of
announcements there. The Hang Seng
Healthcare sub-gauge, have a look at
this, 5%
over the last 3 days after several drug
makers announcing some positive updates.
So, certainly
the window of opportunity is upon you,
investors. Watch this space.
>> yes.
>> Let's talk about this even further and
get into the the weed of things here.
Joining us exclusively is the CEO of one
of the companies presenting at the
conference on Wednesday, Ascentage
Pharma. Dajun Yang is also the firm's
co-founder and chairman joining us from
San Francisco. Good morning, Dajun, from
the Asia-Pacific. Thank you for joining
us ahead, of course, of your
presentation, which I hope we can talk
about a bit later on. But yeah, give us
a sense of what's what's what's been hot
What what's your sense of what's hot in
the industry as we kickstart 2026?
>> Yeah, I think we have a great start.
First of all, thank you for having me.
This year JP Morgan meeting has a great
start with a sunny day warming every
day. I think this is my almost 20 years
coming to the JP Morgan conference. This
is the once a year the biotech CEO, CFO,
CSO,
CBO all come to the San Francisco around
the world. This is a great start for the
industry as we looking forward to the
older R&D development, business
collaboration, merger acquisition.
And all the companies will have a chance
to make a presentations at the JP Morgan
conference. This is actually the 44th
44th year since since the starting of
1983.
It has been around since really the the
start of the year for biotech industry
worldwide.
>> And you you said you've been going for
the last 20 years. You've seen it all.
I'm just wondering given how hot of a
sector Chinese biopharma was last year,
has there been anything sort of change
you see this year around in terms of
you know, participants and investors
interest in the space?
>> Yeah, I think this is a really different
especially compared 10 years ago.
10 years ago there are not many biotech
companies coming from China
to make a presentation at the you know,
JP Morgan conference.
We
Ascendage is one of a few. We have been
presenting at the JP Morgan conference
for the last probably 10 years. And very
fortunate every year we are able to
present and bring up the update of
progress we made in the R&D, the
clinical development. And this year
actually is the first time we're
presenting Ascendage at the main
conference at the Westin Hotel. This is
the first time because previous years
we're presenting at the Asia Pacific
sector.
It has always been a great opportunity,
but I think this year is the first time.
There are not many biotech companies
from China. I think there's only a
handful about three or five presenting
at the main conference facing the
majority investors in you know, coming
from the US and Europe.
>> Main stage?
>> Yeah, well, you know, you you forced my
hand here.
Can you give us a a preview if you can
give us as much details as you can on
what you're about to present?
>> Yeah, I think uh the first uh you know,
2025 has been great year. Uh
we achieve all the milestones that we
discussed presented last year. Uh you
know, actually last year about this
time, we had to cancel our presentation
at the JP Morgan because we were in the
within the window of IPO on NASDAQ. Uh
we did IPO successfully IPO a week after
JP Morgan meeting last year. So, within
that time frame, we have to be silent.
Uh so, we have to cancel uh our uh
previous arranged JP Morgan
presentation. And of course, we did a
really well. We were the first uh
biotech IPO globally on NASDAQ just on
the January 24th last year. Uh number
one, number two, I think uh Ascentage uh
uh biotech IPO has been successful
performance one of the best one in the
first 6 months. Uh we double our IPO
price within 5 months. And overall, I
think has been great year uh for
Ascentage and also the biotech sector
from China and also a lot of good
progress
among the sector and the IPO and also a
lot of money raised on Hong Kong Stock
Exchange.
>> Yeah, Dajun,
it's interesting, right? It it's it's
your first year that you know,
at JPM where you are now a US-listed
company. You're also listed here
>> Yeah.
>> in Hong Kong. How has the funding
environment looked like to you right
now? Do you think it it it will only
improve from here when it comes to to
Chinese biotech?
>> Yeah, I think that the uh since
uh 2024,
uh Ascentage including the other biotech
companies from the sector in China Asia
Pacific, uh has been recovering, okay?
Uh we feel the the the finally
uh the the all the sector doing well
in terms of more funding from both
primary and the secondary market
and a lot of deals coming from biotech
company in China.
2024 we also made a historical move that
we did
you know partnership with Takeda for the
global commercialization rights with the
option agreement and that's a really
important validation of our R&D and the
data
with a global MNC company like a Takeda.
Since then our stock price has been more
than double or tripled and we raised
substantially on our IPO and also follow
on last year. I think the last year we
also doing well financially. We have a
sufficient cash to support of R&D
program through 2027.
>> Mhm.
Okay. Okay. So I was going to ask you
about funding but you just mentioned it
just now. Can you tell us more about the
status of the Takeda deal and when as a
company you expect to realize that from
a commercial standpoint and financial
standpoint. When does that really start
to show up in your earnings?
>> I think
of course that's a great partnership.
Takeda is one of the best company in the
CML and the AL space
with a one market product globally.
We are doing everything together.
Advance our clinical program and the
last year besides the CML we also get
the FDA and the EMA clearance for the
global phase three registration trial on
the PH positive for AL. That's a really
significant move because we have shown
part of part of one data at the ash just
last month
where we double the you know first line
CM AL patient in terms of three months
CML rate.
We're moving forward in both CML and
also the AL for the global registration
trial. I think the partnership going
well. We're working together in the
older front ready for commercialization
hopefully in two years.
>> Okay, two years. Thanks for giving us a
bit more timeline there Dr. Jan. Um
Actually you mentioned about Ascentage
really recently launched this global
phase three study of your lead drug. I'm
not going to try to even read it because
it's a it's a long one the name of the
drug. Um but that's something very few
Chinese biotech companies have been able
to achieve. Can you tell us
what what how did you do it? And and and
and what does it tell you about the
challenges some biotech companies in
China face when it comes to these sort
of later stage trials?
>> Uh great question. Actually Ascentage
has been around for 16 years.
Ascentage is probably really unique. We
are global biotech company.
We established the company actually for
me
about 20 years ago.
We come to China in 2025 2005 and then
we have been working on the all the
novel
products for the unmet medical need
globally. So I think Ascentage from day
one is focusing on the really truly
novel development compounds and also for
the unmet medical need globally.
Of course there's a lot of challenges
but I think
they in the last 10 years China both
regulatory and clinical development
quality has been improved dramatically
especially since they joined the ICH
about 10 years ago. All the GCP, GMP,
GLP quality has really meet the global
standard. There are a lot of you know
due diligence performed on those
clinical trials, of product development.
And more importantly, I think about
Ascentage where unique is that we have
doing most of our clinical trials in US.
Uh most of our R&D is actually first
cleared by FDA, went to the clinical
trials, and then of course we also
filing the IND simultaneously with the
CD in China. Uh the gap between the FDA
and the CD approval is getting less,
almost simultaneously now. And that's a
very important. I think that the key for
us to be successful is really maintain
high quality
for the clinically unmet medical need,
but at the same time advance our program
both in US and China. I think that once
you focus on those unmet medical need
with the clinical data to show the
differentiation, to show the good safety
and the quality efficacy profile, then
you will have
all the progress made and appreciate be
able to present at like a conference at
a JP Morgan.
>> Ah, yeah.
Good milestone. So let me ask a question
now. What do you think the next
milestone will be for this sector as a
whole?
>> I think there a lot of discussion
at the JP Morgan this year.
You can see almost one deal coming from
China every day just for this year.
Right? And the last year is historical
the number of number of deals and the
transaction dollar amount over 137
billion dollars, about over 150 deals.
The discussion the moment momentum at
this conference right now is everybody
looking at at least majority people
looking year 2026 will be more deals or
dollar amount than 2025.
So optimistic is that this is just the
beginning
And we'll see more coming from the
Chinese biotech company or Ascentage is
actually global biotech company.
>> Dajun, we look forward to your speech.
Good luck on the main stage there and of
course give us any news once
it comes through here from the J.P.
Morgan conference. Dajun Yang there,
co-founder, chairman and CEO at
Ascentage Pharma joining us from San
Francisco. Our healthcare conversation
continues in the next hour. We have
Sinobiopharmaceutical
chairwoman Teresa Zey joins us in her
first live TV interview after their
latest acquisition. We'll have more of
course on that deal next. This is
Bloomberg.
>> Okay,
welcome back. We are just awaiting the
latest trade numbers that should be out
over the next, let's call it 1 to 2
hours or so. The preview on your screens
of both the data we're expecting and the
briefing that's going to give us more
context really in what's going on there.
But yeah, so we're waiting for this.
Apart from that, what else is
>> Yeah, I mean certainly the the key
question is can this export engine
continue for 2026, right? When you have
you know, a lot of the offset from you
know, you know, exports to the US have
dwindled. It's really been offset by the
rest of the world, Europe as well as
Asia that's been taking up a lot of
these exports, right? How much can that
machine keep going? That's going to be
the key thing. But we're seeing I think
a little bit of a slow down, but as
Bloomberg Economics says, could look
still resilient as we wrap up of course
the end of 2025 and that data there.
We'll have much more coming up the next
hour. You're watching The China Show.
>> All right, we are checking of course
trade data that could be coming out in
the next few minutes or so. What we have
so far I've seen from C Z TV is the
year-to-date numbers for 2025 and where
we actually have seen exports rising
some more than 6% 6.1% in yuan RMB terms
as well. Imports as well we got those
numbers what that leaves that trade
surplus at a whopping 8 and 1/2 trillion
RMB. So certainly it does show of course
the trade side of things was still quite
resilient if not you could say quite
strong for China for 2025 in the face of
of course this trade war. The key
question is does that sort of momentum
continue for 2026?
>> Yeah. What's the external demand picture
looking like?
>> Absolutely and with a stronger currency
too, right? That's a conversation that's
happening right now within the FX
strategy space and you know whether or
not a stronger currency in on the
Chinese side might actually start to
offset
some of the tailwinds coming through on
the trade side as well.
That's a different set of conversations
right now. We are weaker as you can see
on the Chinese currency. It's a stronger
dollar story which is we'll get into the
context of this in a moment because it
you have to look at this from the moves
we had overnight post US CPI when the
market initially reacted and then faded
the move going into the closest the JP
Morgan story as well to come out as far
as the equity market goes. Right. As far
as equity specifically in Hong Kong are
concerned extending the gains so we're
now roughly at about two three month
highs on the Hong Kong benchmarks on
mainland benchmarks. We talked about
this. These are multi-year highs already
and turnover has gone from three and a
half trillion on Monday. That was a
record 3.6. That was another record on
Tuesday. First 30 minutes we already
taken out 1 trillion as far as that
the value of shares traded are are
concerned. The rest of the region
interesting too what we're seeing over
in Japan, right? So follow on move
we're not 544 on the Nikkei. Look at the
Yen we're trading at 159. More on that
in a moment. The other thing to to tell
you about is commodities, right? A lot
happening there. So silver is at a new
high as well as tin
and separately the Shanghai crude
contract is catching up to the massive
gains we had in Brent as well. So this
is a sector that continues to give us a
lot to talk about
almost every day of the week. Silver
stocks coming up on your screens which
is a reflection I guess of the pop in
silver prices which as you can see is
now flirting with that $90 handle.
>> Yeah, I mean the metal space is just
looking hotter and hotter each day.
Let's bring in Mark Cutmore now M Live
executive editor. He joins us now live
from Singapore. Mark it's a big day we
when you look at Chinese you know
there's equity right that continues. You
have precious metals that continue and
the metal space in general that looks
quite hot. US inflation that came out
that looked up relatively speaking quite
benign but what do you think is top of
mind for you today?
>> I think that the general trends we're
getting at the moment are most of them
are real 2026 themes that are short-term
frothy. So I think the dynamic for
traders at the moment or for investors
at the moment is do you chase the rally
now or do you bet that there'll be a
decent pullback at some point? What will
be the catalyst for that pullback? And
so I think that's the real kind of
quandary that everyone's kind of
struggling with. I think that you know
the idea of Yen weakness it'll again be
an underperformer this year. It's been
underperforming for the last five or six
years. I remain a structural Yen bear
but not necessarily dollar Yen is the
way to play it because it'll probably be
a weak year for the dollar again and
part of that that dollar kind of
pressure is the undermining of the Fed
and that's why you're seeing precious
metals continue to gain. So that's a
sustainable theme as well but these
moves have gone a long way very quickly.
So I think now it's about it's about
tactical trading around sustainable
themes, and that's where it's very
difficult.
>> Mark, just specifically on on the
Japanese story following, I guess,
more information now around uh snap
elections. Why do you think the market
is moving the way it it it it is and it
has, really, in Japan?
>> Uh look, I think that that they're
doubling down on the Taikichi trade uh
with the, you know, the the snap
election call. That's the idea that, you
know, this is a
a government that's in favor of fiscal
stimulus for, you know, which is going
to obviously drive the economy. People
foreigners buy Japanese stocks hedged,
uh and it tends to be circular. As the
market goes higher, they tend to kind of
hedge more, and they tend to kind of buy
more. It's like a momentum trade. That's
driven by the fiscal side, both boosting
the stock market, but also increasing
the debt scenario. And, you know, as you
know, David, I've been a structural bear
on the yen for many years, and will
remain one for a long time to come. This
is a country with one of the slowest
growing economies in the world for year
after year after year. And that's
despite deeply negative real yields and
a massive debt pile. It can't afford
positive real yields. So, you know,
there might be the odd 6-month period
where the yen gains, but structurally,
the only way for Japan over a really
long-term horizon is to monetize its
massive debt pile.
Uh it can't afford any other way out of
it. And that ultimately means that, you
know, the the the the yen depreciation
trade is a very long-term structural
thing that will work on a long-term
basis. You just got to tactically manage
around it.
>> Yeah, Mark, I I want to go back to
something that you mentioned, right? It
seems like what we're seeing
are are the similar playbooks of 2025,
which basically we've gone to more more
frothy levels, right? We take a look at
the IT hardware space, for example.
Precious metals, as you say, they were
all kind of the the easy sort of trades,
right? Uh of 2025.
When you mention about Everyone's
talking about rotation for for 2026,
what what could spark that rotation?
Right, you're talking about catalysts
here. What what do you think in your
mind could actually derail this?
>> So, we got a couple different types of
rotation. We got the geographical
rotation,
and we've got then, you know, the the
rotation from growth to value. We've got
rotation within the kind of AI sector.
And I think we're already starting to
see
elements of all of those
in recent months, and I think they're
all sustainable. So, yet again, I think
US stocks will underperform in 2026
versus the rest of the world, and I
think that Asia and LatAm are the the
outperforming regions. So, I think
that's a theme from 2025 that will carry
over to 2026. And of course, the
currency, as we discussed, is is one
element to that. I am someone who's, you
know,
I'm a macro guy who comes to stocks from
a long-term, top-down basis. And
I I fall for every value trap going. So,
I tend to be someone who permanently
thinks small caps will catch up to
growth stocks. And I've been wrong for
many years, but, you know, finally in
recent months, small caps have been
doing better, and I think that's a kind
of theme there that value discounted
stock markets can perform over time. And
this is not a bearish view on expensive
US mega-cap tech stocks. It's just
saying that they're not going to be
out-performers again. And they weren't
in 2025, and they won't be in 2026. And
I think within the AI theme, that that's
going to be a constantly dynamic theme
of how people play it. Again, as you
know, reiterating a view we talked about
last year is that we are very clearly in
a very, very large AI capex bubble. But,
we're not close to that bubble bursting
bursting. And that's why, you know, we
continue to be very bullish stock
markets globally because we don't think
the bubble's close to bursting. It will
burst horrendously at some point, but
you got to remember the bubble is in the
capex side more than the valuation of
stock market side. So, how it bursts
will be very selective.
>> Mark, just a
I guess last macro question.
You alluded to that. I wonder, you know,
you had the CPI print overnight.
We know US yields have drifted higher
the last, let's call it two, two and a
half months.
Can you see a scenario where 2026 could
be Fed cutting rates maybe by two,
inflation cooling a little bit further
from current levels, but yields will be
drifting substantially higher from
current levels? Do you see that scenario
taking place?
>> Uh,
like it's obviously a possibility, but
no. I give it a very, very low
probability. To me,
I kind of think that the US Treasury
story is a little bit binary. My base
case scenario is that actually
Treasuries have an okay year. Yields uh,
hold in okay.
Uh, and you know, I actually think you
know, probably yields probably decline
slightly from here, but there's a binary
tail risk that we worry about the fiscal
side again and they really blow out, but
that's not my base case.
>> Fantastic. Mark, as always, thank you.
Mark Cudmore there, our M Live executive
editor in Singapore for us. Uh, we're
live from Shanghai later today. Lots
more coverage coming through. Of course,
our chief North Asia correspondent,
Stephen Engle, will be uh, with us. Uh,
in fact, let's have bring him in. Steve,
uh, what do you have in store? Yeah.
That's not Steve. That's Steve's guest.
Steve, tell us about your guest.
>> We'll be talking to him. We'll be
talking to
Yeah, we'll be talking the China M&A
trends. Obviously, you just saw Samson
Ho come up there on the uh, full screen
graphic. Uh, he's UBS's uh, global
banking head of M&A here in Asia
Pacific. We'll be talking to him later
this hour. Plus, former US diplomat Bill
Cline joins us to chat US-China
relations.
But Samson Lo is coming up first. This
is Bloomberg.
>> Yeah, as about that promo on Davos, I'm
guessing one of the top sort of things
on the agenda is going to be
central bank
>> Yes.
>> independence, I'm guessing.
>> of them are going to be there.
>> And just give them just the the chorus
or I would say a rally of global central
bankers really putting their support
behind Jay Powell against this backdrop,
of course, these these criminal
investigation that's underway from
Department of Justice. So, certainly,
it's a rare sort of statement that you
see from some of the major central banks
in the world, right? They said in full
solidarity with the Federal Reserve
System and its chair, Jay Powell. It's
interesting to even within these
countries, right? We talked about the
BOJ. They decided not to kind of be
included in this statement. I mean, RBNZ
did, right? The the the newly elected
Reserve Bank Governor, Adrian Orr
Orr-Brentman. But, it's causing a bit of
drama, I guess, locally from the Foreign
Minister, Winston Peters, who has said
that, you know, they shouldn't have get
involved, right? They have no role, they
say, in US domestic politics.
>> Yeah.
>> Which is quite interesting, too.
>> Respect their independence, right? If
you want to make a joke out of it.
Respect their independence. RBNZ said,
"Well, we did."
>> independent.
>> That's why I did.
>> And yeah.
>> If you want to look at that statement,
in fact, I think it's on Winston Peters'
X account.
Um the RBNZ has no role,
nor should it involve itself in US
domestic policies. We remind the
governor to stay in her New Zealand lane
and stick to domestic monetary policy.
And I wonder whether or not
them chiming in to
well, this specific issue in the US,
whether that's ruffled any foreign
policy plans that they've had between
between both sides. But, yes, like I
this was not expected to have to have
come there, but here we are.
>> Yeah, I mean, it has been, you see, we
talked about the global central banks,
but even you've seen opposition even
from, you know, Republican lawmakers, of
course, on on this subpoena. So,
certainly, you are seeing
more signs of people saying that this
could actually what Trump is doing could
actually backfire, right? And you're
already seeing that little bit in in in
the markets really when it comes to long
end yields, but we heard a lot of them
talking about this, right? About overall
the concerns around Fed independence.
Let's take a listen.
>> He's billions of dollars over budget.
So he either is incompetent or he's
crooked. I don't know what he is, but he
does it certainly doesn't do a very good
job.
>> It's still not a slam dunk even with a
new Fed chair that rates actually
decline, particularly if
the administration jawboning and
potential legal challenges
raise concerns about Federal Reserve
independence and and make some of the
voting members
want to be sure that the economic
conditions justify a move.
>> When there's
attempts to unduly influence monetary
policy decisions, when those were
successful, those often lead to very
unfortunate economic outcomes, including
economic instability and high inflation.
>> When you talk to members of Congress on
both sides of the aisle,
they understand this. They may have
different rhetoric out in public, but
you talk to them one-on-one, they
understand how critical the Federal
Reserve is and they are going to push
back. I That's where I'm an optimist. I
don't think they'll let this happen.
>> Yeah, the analogy I can think of from a
corporate perspective is the role, for
example, that and they played a bigger
role more and more independent directors
into the board of directors, right?
There's a reason why you
from a corporate governance perspective
that that that that, you know, everyone
is net better off. So I think Jamie
Dimon also chimed in on this, too.
>> a bad idea, not a great idea.
>> Not a great idea.
>> Lead to inflation picking up.
>> And higher rates.
>> Higher rates.
This is counterintuitive what the
president's trying to do.
As well. The president also responded
saying
"He's wrong." So, there's a bit of Trump
versus Jamie Dimon there this morning as
well. But, it's really kind of whole
whole discussion debate has really kind
of led to even leaked into Washington
D.C. but has emerged in these late night
talk shows in the US as well. I was
watching the Jon Stewart clip
from The Daily Show that had a bit of a
shout-out to Bloomberg Surveillance and
the team there to say, "Look,
>> That's a good one.
>> You got to talk about J. Powell. Let's
take a listen.
>> So, anyone who doesn't listen to
Bloomberg Surveillance in the morning,
you can just leave the room.
I'll wait.
Okay.
Wow.
That dude, he's short one.
It appears the chairman of the Federal
Reserve is
having a liquidity crisis.
That's going to kill at the terminals.
>> I LOVE IT. JON STEWART TRYING TO crack a
Bloomberg joke.
A finance joke. But, yeah.
>> Well, I mean, fantastic.
>> what you do every day, David, really.
>> Do I?
>> Yeah.
Anyways.
>> You know, maybe you should host
something like this. Finance related.
>> That's That's the future. That's the
future. Hopefully not not not too soon.
Anyway, we'll we'll have more on the
serious news coming up. This is
Bloomberg.
>> Now, we're watching Sino
Biopharmaceutical shares today gaining
after the company fully acquired drug
maker Hygea in a deal worth up a hundred
and seventy two million dollars. Now,
Sino Biopharm says the acquisition will
accelerate its advances in chronic
disease treatment. Sino listed in Hong
Kong over 20 years ago as now one of
China's largest pharmaceutical firms and
its areas of focus include a wide range
from oncology to liver diseases and
lately they've got into even weight loss
drugs, too.
>> Yeah, and you know, the market cap tells
you on your screen 16.6. Here's a look
at that since the listing back in 2000.
This is in US dollars and as you can see
it's coming up on your screens. There we
go. Really one of the largest Chinese
biotech firms out there. Joining us
exclusively from Beijing now, in fact,
is the company's chairwoman, Teresa Tse,
to talk to us through what the company's
plans are this year, your priorities and
of course this big deal that you guys
just announced. Teresa, good morning
from Hong Kong. Thank you for joining
us. Why don't we start off with the
announcement that you guys made?
Talk to us about the rational, why this
specific company
and what the next steps are as far as
this transaction is concerned.
>> Yes, thank you, David and Yvonne.
Um
thanks so much for inviting me. Um I'm
the chairwoman of Sino Biopharm and this
is my tenth year in the company. So, for
the past ten years we've transformed
ourselves into from a generic company
into one of the world one of China's
leading innovative farm pharma. So,
we're we have a very strong leadership
position in oncology and major chronic
diseases. Um and yeah, so last year we
acquired a company called Anova that
brings gives us like a very good next
generation portfolio of oncology assets.
Um and this year in the beginning we've
yesterday we've acquired Hygeia.
Um and after this acquisition we will
gain more than 20 new innovative
programs filling important gaps in our
cardiovascular portfolio and also our
weight loss portfolio because we have
very interesting assets like their at
beta like in hippie and that can combine
with our existing GLP-1. So very
exciting and interesting metabolic
disease
programs.
And yes, I think this will definitely
strengthen our
position in
chronic disease
further. Yeah.
Sorry.
>> Yeah, and it's quite interesting to see.
It's okay. It's interesting to see this
transition that the company is making,
right? You You You've always been this
kind of traditional old guard farmer
players that really is now delving into
the whole innovative
space, right? I'm just wondering what
does it tell you this transaction the
two that you've made in a year
about your your overall plans? Are you
looking to to acquire more companies?
>> Yes,
I mean now I I I think it's very clear
that
it's we're at the beginning of the next
era of innovation in China. So the
biotech ecosystem is expanding rapidly
both in scientific depth and speed and
as we can see right um
last year probably there were over like
150 deals and amount total up to more
than 100 billion. So I really think
China's becoming an innovation hub for
global innovators and then I think we
really need to leverage this and Sinovac
Farm
we're on the top of this for the past
few years we've worked closely with 30
more than 30 leading biotech companies
in China and to really strengthen our
innovative position. So yes, if I come
across another
company same quality as Lenovo or Hygea
then yes, definitely will keep doing
M&A.
>> Yeah, well I'm curious have you have you
earmarked even if it's a rough number to
resource capital that
you perhaps are are aside for more
acquisitions to your point you just made
there.
>> Yeah, so um
currently we have we're really abundant
in cash
um for our company and then uh
um so maybe
uh so every year we leave around like um
a few hundred million dollars for
acquisition or other BD collaborations.
And you can see in our
um
>> Right.
>> uh
yeah.
So also in our R&D spend, so every year
we're we're increasing as well because
it's uh very expensive.
>> Okay.
And when do you see these these deals
really paying off and how, Teresa?
>> Yeah.
>> Uh I think it will be paying off soon
because as I said like now one is that
we need to market to get it to market,
which will be in a few years, but this
will strengthen Sinovac Farms
mid-to-long-term growth in the future.
Um but on the other hand, you know,
there's a lot of partnering partnerships
happening um early stage in clinical
development. So a lot especially in SRI
space like most of the deals that
happened is before I think IND or before
clinical uh phase. So um I think uh
we're really working and very keen on
establishing new partnerships with uh
global MNCs and biotechs.
>> I want to get your thoughts too on where
you see the the longer-term trends
specifically on you know, regulatory
pricing for example, and whether or not
that is I guess in some ways influencing
where you want to position the company
to be in a few years' time.
>> Yeah, so like actually 2026 marks our
first of our the the first year of our
new 10-year goal. And this year our new
10-year goal is focused on
globalization. Um as you said the
pricing is limited in China, so Chinese
pharmaceutical companies really need to
look outside, look into the global
markets, and establish more presence
there. To um
I think really have the full potential
of every drug, and really to bring like
new treatments to global patients. So, I
think yes, it's very important.
>> Yeah, can you tell us more about that if
you could? I mean, much of Sino
Biopharm's revenue does come
domestically in China now. In terms of
overseas expansion, are there particular
geographies that you're that you're
looking at right now?
>> Yeah, so um right now for our um
innovative portfolio, we're definitely
looking for partnerships with bigger
MNCs and uh global biotech companies.
But with our Sino biosimilar portfolio
and our generics portfolio, we're
looking at um Southeast Asia, South
America,
um Europe, and just like the whole Asia
area.
And we've currently I I think we've
signed with more than um 30 oversea
partners already in like smaller
countries.
Yeah, so we're really working on that.
>> Teresa, you got it.
>> Mhm.
>> J- J- Just very quickly, there's a lot
of attention on the entire sector.
There's a lot of innovation taking
place, and I wonder, do you think there
is a lot more innovation that's taking
place in the last 12 months, or is it
because the world is looking closer at
it?
>> Um
I think both. Definitely both.
Uh because like uh I guess currently um
after the whole uh
hype
um before like 2021,
I I think now like um a lot of only the
companies with very high quality, like
global standards,
survived until now. So, now definitely
in China there is the current existing
companies are all very high quality.
>> Teresa, we got to leave it there, but
thank you so much. Teresa Zeyher,
chairwoman at Sino Biopharmaceutical.
We have the export numbers and import
numbers on China coming through for
trade in December. Looks like they did
actually beat estimates here for
December. 6.6%
upside there for exports for December,
beating estimates. This is Bloomberg.
Just want to recap that trade data that
we got out of China last couple minutes
or so. But yeah, it was actually a
pretty strong set of numbers here. 6.6%
in terms of exports for December. The
estimate was for a 3.1% print. So,
more more than doubling in some ways
here. Imports were also strong, 5.7%
as well. So, it really kind of leaves
that trade surplus at around, gosh, 114
billion right now. So, certainly there's
a lot of talk of, you know, when exports
are going to start to slow down for
2026. We take a look at December, it
still look like it ended the year at a
pretty strong note.
>> Where was the payback from the front
loading?
>> Didn't see it all here.
>> Not very Not very clear. Not very clear.
>> Yeah.
>> Um but yeah,
we're going to get more context, of
course, from the ongoing briefing taking
place right now, which I guess it's So,
this is a really good jumping off point
for the global conversations we'll have
around
around trade this year. Certainly the
China
outflows into the world in terms of
shipments, EVs, you know, yesterday we
talked about pricing as far as EVs go.
There's a currency angle. It's a
stronger currency. Really countered to
the stronger trend of
really more competitive shipments coming
out of China. Again, it opens up the
door to even let's call it even foreign
policy, right? And that segues very
nicely into the Japanese close and the
lunch break. 1.6% where there are, of
course, lots of things happening on the
ground. We'll get to that in a moment.
Uh but the Nikkei is better by 1.6. The
topic is 1% to the upside. The real
story though
is really the Japanese yen, which yeah,
I mean 160. Uh this should be now the
weakest against the yen against the US
dollar going back to 2023, I believe.
And of course this melt up in the in
the JGB space. It's the longest losing
streak as far as long dated JGBs are
concerned, going back to 2024.
Uh given the move up today, this should
be now uh I believe eight straight days
now. We've only gained one day, and that
was the first day of the year. Since
then we've seen declines across the JGB
space. Right. Um
Prime Minister Takaichi is also pushing
for closer uh economic and security ties
with South Korea after hosting talks
with the president uh Lee Jae-myung. Uh
that's as she seeks to contain
diplomatic and trade tensions with
China. Let's get more uh from our Japan
politics and economics reporter Sakura
Murakami Tomi in Tokyo for us.
Uh let's start with the meeting. Uh the
key takeaways there.
>> Yeah, so um Prime Minister Takaichi is
really seeking to sort of contain the
diplomatic fallout that um Japan is
experiencing with um the China right now
by also kind of
bringing closer bringing uh Korea closer
into its orbit, I guess. Um she did
mention yesterday that um they uh
Prime Minister Takaichi and also
President Lee had very deep discussions
about supply chain cooperation. She
didn't elaborate on what that
cooperation might look like, but I think
that's quite a hint on um where Japan is
seeking cooperation with Korea. Um
President Lee on the other hand is sort
of trying to strike a bit of a balanced
uh tone in that respect. He said um he
is not going to wade into this issue
between Japan and China at the moment
and that um seeking kind of common
interest, seeking cooperation on areas
that there can be cooperation is
important trilaterally with China not
just between Japan and South Korea.
>> And there's just so much speculation
anticipation of this early snap election
that she might announce later on today.
Tell us a little more about the timing
of this and really what she's trying to
achieve.
>> So
this is on the backdrop of this this
diplomatic these diplomatic tensions
that are playing out with China and a
big part of it the broader story about
it is basically Prime Minister Takai Chi
trying to solidify her power in Japan at
the moment
the LDP the ruling party LDP doesn't
have a majority a strong majority in
either chambers of parliament and they
have a razor-thin majority of 233 seats
in the lower house but if Takai Chi can
bank on her personal popularity to call
a snap election and win more votes for
the LDP that would give her kind of the
power and strength she needs to
push forward her policies domestically
and also
have kind of a stronger stand on the
diplomatic scene as well. So these are
all factors that are playing into her
decision and we can probably expect more
on that later today and also next week
when parliament is called into session.
>> Sakura thank you Sakura Murakami there
our Japan politics and economics
reporter joining us out of Tokyo.
Meanwhile we're talking about South
Korean prosecutors they're now seeking
the death penalty for former president
Yoon Suk-yeol over his botched 2024
declaration of martial law. A verdict is
expected next month with Yoon facing the
prospect of either a death sentence or
life in prison. Yoon was indicted last
year on charges of insurrection after he
shocked the nation and the world by
briefly suspending civilian rule.
Prosecutors in Taiwan are stepping up
efforts to block China's tech players
from recruiting the island's talent. It
issued an arrest warrant for Pete Lau,
the CEO of Chinese smartphone company
OnePlus, and indicted two Taiwanese
citizens who worked for him. OnePlus is
a suspected of illegally recruiting more
than 70 engineers in Taiwan.
>> Now, we're live from the UBS Greater
China conference in Shanghai. Next, uh
that's when we'll hear exclusively from
the bank's global banking co-head of M&A
for the Asia Pacific, Samson Lo, will be
joining us to talk us through the deals
outlook this year. This is Bloomberg.
Yeah, there's really been this very
consistent slow melt-up in Chinese
equities this year. I think we've been
sort of jumping between the offshore and
onshore markets, and I think one day, I
think it was yesterday when we had the
offshore markets moving to the upside.
The day before it was the onshore
market. Today it's the onshore, as you
can see. CSI 300 IT index 3%
>> Oof.
>> to the upside.
>> Yeah, it's still really the the hardware
space as you say, but tech is still very
much the flavor of the day. And
>> You know who we need to talk to?
>> Who?
>> Wendy Liu.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> What's her call?
>> I think she's coming next week.
Basically, CSI 300 might not outperform
as much as MSCI China until March.
>> Okay, that's the call. Okay.
>> um just on valuations and the like, but
she does favor small caps uh over the
large caps here. Uh just given what
we've been seeing in this whole rotation
side of things. So, certainly a lot to
ask her uh when she comes on, but we've
heard from Goldman, we've heard from
Laura Wang from Morgan Stanley, and now
JP Morgan has chimed in on this rally
overall. Both all of which are looking
much more positively around, of course,
this market.
And certainly there's going to be a lot
of talk about, you know, what what's
driving all of this, right? When when
you start to see the earnings side of
things, as we said, is the playbook
really changing? Are things really
broadening out?
And the renminbi certainly is going to
be a key factor in all this as well. And
whether we continue to see the strength
strength, right? We just had Barclays
yesterday, Slaven Jagar say, "Look,
they're not consensus. They still think
renminbi could sit at 7.25
for this year." While others are
thinking what, 6.8 or the like here. So,
that's quite a non-consensus
non-consensus call. Non-consensus call.
Non-consensus call. Non-consensus. Say
that 10 times.
>> Non-
Okay.
No, but it's interesting there because I
think one of the questions you asked her
was
does a weaker Chinese currency mean a
weaker equity market, right? And she
made a distinction between what's
happening in Hong Kong as as far as the
offshore market is concerned, where
really a lot of the deals have taken
place out of the IPO market, right? So,
I'm really curious to see what the deals
outlook looks like onshore. When people
talk about it's it's the year for the
Asia market this year.
You know what? I think we have a guest
coming to talk about that.
We'll we'll we'll we'll take you
straight back now to the UBS Greater
China Conference in Shanghai, where our
own Stephen Engle is with someone who
can talk us through the deals outlook.
Steve.
>> Yeah, absolutely, Dave. We're here with
Samson Lo, UBS Global Banking Co-Head of
M&A Asia Pacific. So, we were just
talking. We were sitting in this exact
same spot, same table, same booth
exactly a year ago, where you predicted
there was going to be a resumption, sort
of a boom in cross-border M&A involving
Chinese companies.
I think the numbers actually surpassed
what you your bullish estimate. So, give
us a little bit of a recap of 2025. It
was 39% up in M&A volume in greater
China
year-over-year to $577 billion.
Give me a little bit of a recap of what
surprised you there and what's going to
be the outlook for this year?
>> Okay, great. First of all, thank you for
having me here. That was exactly 1 year
ago when we spoke about my estimate for
the year and I was expecting up about 20
to 25% and turns out it was 39%, way
better than what I had expected.
So, the the
the year last year was a very
interesting year in terms of the areas
and the pockets of growth from China M&A
and more broadly APAC M&A.
For example, more broadly in APAC M&A,
it was mostly driven by Japan. We have
seen quite a number of large cap
transactions. For example, the attempt
by Kush to acquire 7-Eleven Holdings and
the the restructuring around Toyota
Industries. And when we zoom into China,
right, it was driven by a few very large
cap
Ministry of Finance capital injections
into several financial institutions in
China and also continue to be some
domestic restructuring. But what is most
interesting and what is driving a lot of
the M&A volume and also the headline
news is from China private equity firms.
We have seen in a few cases some of
these China private equity firms being
very active in European consumer assets.
For example, in the likes of Fosun
Capital acquiring acquiring Marshalls
and also just before Christmas Golden
Goose. And we have also seen some of the
China private equity firms continue to
drive China domestic M&A in the likes of
all these China carve-outs of
multinationals such as Starbucks China,
McDonald's China and there currently
still a number of China carve-outs of
all these multinationals from Europe or
from America.
>> Yeah,
we'll talk about the gold abroad but
also sort of the rationalization of
foreign businesses in China. We're
seeing a lot of deal flow there. Diageo
is the latest one looking to possibly
offload its was it Sichuan Swell Fund. I
know UBS is a possibly involved in that,
so we won't go deeply into that. But,
you mentioned Starbucks. In November,
Starbucks agreed to sell a majority
stake to private equity firm Boyu
Capital. You have Restaurant Brands
International made a similar move with
its Burger King chain. GE Healthcare
Technologies also looking. So, is that
going to be one a major trend too as
international brands and companies look
to sort of maybe downsize their exposure
to the Chinese economy given all the
different pressures?
>> Yeah.
First of all, this what we call like
China carve-out from the multinational.
This trend actually has been going on
for quite some time. Actually, even we
dated back to COVID times. There was a
Nick Johnson
offloading the China infant formula
business to Primavera. So, it actually
has started back then. And to be honest,
some of the transactions that have just
been announced Starbucks, Burger King,
it has been in the market for quite some
time, too. And and the and the drivers
behind the the multinational
decision-making, it's many folds. It
could be pure monetization of the China
business. It could be because of the
competitiveness of some of these assets
in China.
>> It's hyper-competitive market.
>> Hyper-competitive.
>> Across every sector.
>> And if you look at these some of these
assets, they are mostly consumer retail
related. And also part of it has also to
do with China consumption growth in the
last couple of years. And and making the
the competitive landscape even more
competitive than before. And of course,
there is also a little bit of maybe a
preemption of certain regulatory
regulatory changes that the
multinationals or the Chinese government
were expecting. But but those those are
I would say not as strong of a driver as
consumption growth and also competition
in China.
>> Is this going to accelerate in 2026,
though?
>> It would continue to I would say that
not accelerate, but because some of
these assets they have been in the
market for quite some time. Uh this may
be the year where some of them will
finally come to a conclusion. And
partially is because the valuation of
the overall market, for example, the
Asian market, the Hong Kong market, they
have been going quite strong. So, it's
easier to to package to a higher
benchmark index uh than before. And also
the interest rate environment,
especially for some of these larger cap
transactions, the lending environment
now is more constructive in doing
something together. That's why you will
see some of these some of these deals
what I would actually call ordeals, but
they will be coming to conclusion this
year.
>> How about going abroad? I mean, you're
having a strengthening RMB, which also
helps to purchase abroad. Um
we also have that data. There was a
great Bloomberg story a couple of days
ago about where China in 2025,
essentially the deal flows cross-border
to the rest of the world, they actually
surpassed Chinese combined companies uh
surpassed that of the United States
investing into other countries for the
first time, accounting for about 10%.
How much is that trend going to
continue? You have a slightly
appreciating uh RMB, you have strategic
purchases and building of EV factories
in Europe, um battery factories, and
other plants. So, what is going to be
the overall trend this year for that?
>> Oh, abs- It would certainly be a big
year for
China outbound, but mostly driven by the
China private equity firms because it's
still easier, they have uh they have
offshore funding capability, and also a
lot of the transactions that they do is
interest rate driven. So, we will
continue to see a lot of that. And the
areas of interest will continue to be in
um large, high-profile European consumer
names. Yeah, for example, we have
already seen like in the case of
Marshall, Golden Goose, and uh likewise,
they're more consumer and fashion brands
where they already have an establishment
of foothold in China that with the the
help of the China private equity firms,
they will continue to grow in in the
China markets. And and also extending to
industrial sector, mostly in the uh I
would say on the automation side or in
upgrades like for example, yeah, you
mentioned about like a lot of the
Chinese EV guys looking to build more
plants or EV plants in in Europe and
also in the US. And and lastly is also
in the healthcare sector. And in
healthcare sector we have already seen
it. Last year were there were a number
of I would say licensing deal of China
pharmaceutical company forming a
collaborations with European or US
counterpart.
>> What's the biggest risk? Geopolitics and
trade protectionism in overseas markets
is going to be always there. But there's
also the risk because right now there's
a lot of investment into Chinese AI and
AI in general, but there could be a
CAPEX or even a stock market bubble
burst. What are the biggest risks to any
kind of projections going forward?
>> The the biggest risk remains around
regulatory.
Especially some of the transactions in
the market, they were originated out of
the regulatory needs. Maybe is a foreign
business and that was acquired that
needed to be carved out. However, if
it's originated out of regulatory needs,
it could be going through lots and lots
of volatility throughout the year
throughout the due process. For example,
whenever there is a change of regulation
or maybe there's a change of a political
stance then then those transactions the
the the regulatory approval process
could become
very lengthy. And at the same time is
yeah, because there is a bit of I would
say over-optimism in the market now
driven largely by the stock market
performances. And but when when when
when there is an adjustment in the stock
markets, some of the optimism may go
away. And so that affects CEO and and
principals' confidence in doing outbound
M&A.
>> Well, there is you mentioned Japan.
There was a record amount of M&A in
Japan in 2025. Is that trend going to
continue?
>> Absolutely. There's still a large number
of Japanese state companies and and
Japan itself, right? They are more
welcoming to foreign investment, even
private equity firms attempt to. So,
that will continue. And at the same
time, Japan continues to be a hunting
ground for for activist hedge funds.
>> Very quickly, what is your crystal ball
for the greater China
M&A volume? Is it going to be 39% again?
>> It will not be 39%. However, I'm still
very optimistic it will grow another
20%. Now, this is actually a very
interesting trend because if we look at
the last two record years, one being in
2021 right after COVID and 2015 at the
height of China A-share, the year after
that actually went down by about 20%.
But but however, in this case, I
actually would expect it continue to go
up by another 20%.
>> going to hold you to that. We're going
to be right here next year and see how
you did. Samson, thanks so much for your
time. Great great to see you again. All
right. Back to you guys. We'll be back
in the next hour from the
greater China conference of UBS here in
Shanghai.
>> All right, day two. Thank you, Steve.
And of course, our thanks to Samson Lo,
>> Yeah.
>> co-head of M&A for APAC for UBS as well.
And there's a movers we're watching very
closely is the tech space once again
driving a lot of the gains here. And
Kuaishou is certainly one of them. We're
up some 6% here right now. The company
reported December revenue actually
beating estimates thanks to cling. Of
course, strong performance for its AI
model according to Citi as well. So,
pointing to some solid revenue outlook
for this year. We're also looking at tin
stocks given just the record that we've
seen when it comes to the metal space.
And tin certainly did reach that record
there. There you go. We are seeing that
rally underway for some of the tin
miners or
>> Yeah, related stocks across Southeast
Asia, too.
>> Yeah.
>> The
I always joking the favorite musical
genre among investors
this year has been non-heavy metals.
>> Oh.
>> When you look at what's happening there
in that space. The tin's following
basically the the rally we're seeing
across the almost the entire industrial
metal space. Hanwha is in Korea. The
shares are halted. There's uh a notice
that's been
an announcement here. So, the company is
looking to spin off, split effectively,
and more details of course are coming
here on the company itself. But yes, uh
the bottom of your screens will tell you
everything you need to know uh about
this this corporate uh pronouncement
coming through. Right, uh plenty more
ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
>> My strategy is basically to um filter
through the
uh 90% of the market that makes up 10%
of the market value at the bottom end of
the market. Ignore the top 400 stocks
and look at the other 1,800 and try to
find 30 or 40 which are worth holding
for the long term. Um and it's like
walking around a second-hand car lot um
uh where you have no warranties
um but if you're an expert mechanic, you
can spot the ones that they're all
trading at a discount for that risk. The
but the ones which have been well
maintained and not only that, in Hong
Kong, you usually have to get in the
back seat where because the controlling
shareholder is driving the the car
still.
Um so, you want to a safe driver as
well.
>> The expert mechanic himself, that was
David Webb speaking with us back in
2019. And tributes are flowing today for
the Hong Kong activist investor who has
died at the age of 60 after a long
battle with cancer.
>> Uh Richard Frost, our senior editor, is
with us right now for a look at Webb's
life, his legacy, and his philosophy
behind his investing, which I think a
lot of people will remember him for.
Talk to us about that.
>> Yeah, I mean, it's important to remember
he was a a fantastically successful
investor. He estimated he had annualized
gains of 20% over 25 year period. That
made him very wealthy. And as he just
explained in that clip, a lot of that
came down to be able to root out
bargains in what he saw was a kind of
slightly rigged market due to a lack of
decent corporate governance and a
regulatory framework. And at the same
time, there was this this drive in him
to try and level that playing field so
that people who didn't spend until 2:00
in the morning every day working hard do
that could also benefit.
>> And we say he was one of the more vocal
sort of activist investors here
in the city and made him a bit more of
like a celebrity in some ways. You
covered this whole sort of Enigma
network that he sort of unveiled a few
years back.
How successful was he you think in
really cleaning up the corporate
landscape?
>> I think he did certainly more than
anyone else to shine that light on these
darker parts of the corporate landscape.
In that case in particular, where he
connected 50 different companies and
said there was
you know hidden shareholdings and
everything else under this report saying
you shouldn't own these stocks.
The shares collapsed in often and that
triggered the biggest ever investigation
by the securities regulator.
I mean, what he he sort of heightened I
I think attention around areas where
there needed to be some sort of
improvement, whether it's scrutiny from
the government or something else. And
last year when he he had this farewell
fireside chat, which is a sort of awake
while he was still alive,
he did say that you know the activist
part of his life was what he preferred
to the investing thing. And he would die
a happy man knowing that he tried his
best to clean up that landscape. So I
think you know, the fact that he felt
he'd done enough is shows the kind of
impact.
>> Richard Frost there
on just really among the the many things
that the investor community, among
others of course, a broader community of
Of will remember
David Webb for
as well. So that's it from us here on
the China show today. We have lots more
on the way here on Bloomberg Television.
We will see you all tomorrow. Let the
surprise though. So stay here on
Bloomberg Television.